hello PC fan how are we doing today John
and I have been watching a lot of Logan
poll no starting to think that the
secret to vlogging is to just to be a
spaz wait it said John and I know I know
so we're gonna restart this vlog and
Logan Paul style you ready you guys
thank you so I hope you guys enjoy my
Logan Paul vlog parody please smash that
mother for like button grab it by the
mustache so here's the deal one more day
until we move into the office studio
which I'm very very excited about but
here's the problem there's still so many
things to do at the apartment in regards
to furniture and things and so we keep
getting shipments of stuff from like bad
Bath and Beyond
IKEA there's not a lot of room to put
this stuff because there's so much stuff
that's gonna be moved to the office
tomorrow we just brought up about eight
boxes let's see what's in them but just
boring apartment Wow
ah so this is the super cutie catalog
but an intricate like when I saw this
kind of obsessed with the color this
color is in a lot of places and the
apartment kind of going off the theme of
this chair the tea will be sipped on and
the tea will be spilled
I mean scoffs up some internet lingo for
you guys about the hustle and the grind
but you got a slip every now and then
and the right ah
these are bowls I ordered some bowls I
didn't have any bowls so I bought bowls
let's keep it on the internet has been
lit about a certain pair or brand of
shoes
they're called all birds I Instagram
story about new pair of shoes that I
bought there's nothing special everyone
responded I feel like I kid you not five
people for like all birds get all birds
so I got a pair of all birds let's see
what the hype is about
[Music]
so these are the wool runners they are
wool seem soft fine with the right show
my own head alright here we go guys
let's peep the shoe game I have my
miniature shock shock I got a new pair
of shoes
whoo I just put pillows on my feet I'm
not gonna lie these are insane
mister running tests huh
I feel good good now for sure the next
day some exciting news because we're
moving into our studio office today so
we thought we were moving tomorrow
but I was like if I could find a
last-minute mover why not today
got the word last-minute our just get
ready love stuff most of its mine
honestly I got too much stuff you want
to see how I expertly packed my computer
screens this is a bath towel these are
two sweatshirts and a blanket I feel
like right now I'm in very much focus
mode gotta get this stuff into the new
studio movers are coming right now so
it's gonna get done
sorry I can't keep up that little bit of
hall energy I had at the beginning of
the video thank you helped me as an
energy real quick just like if you could
translate my excitement that actually
reach our neighbors just think that
someone got murdered I'm so sorry
[Applause]
[Music]
everything it's just beautiful and like
grey painted nice and glossy
[Music]
that's how you feel when you know that
you when the custom pizza we are
officially there's still so much stuff
to get and unpack email that IKEA to
hook it up but they haven't emailed me
back yeah this just means more trips I
was falling heavily in line with her and
on my channel I wanted to talk about her
so if she could be like oh he still has
me on his mind
so I was like yeah a friend of mine goes
to the Container Store like every day
and most of the comments are like why
the hell would he be one going to
contain so every single day and she
actually was at the time
[Music]
do you really
we're like professional Logan callers
[Music]
back home at the apartment today was
epic
getting a office in New York City that's
just such an epic goal that's now a lot
it's crazy it's crazy life is good
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with me today now I get a chance to
figure out what I want this apartment to
look like so hopefully this please very
nice get the office organized and also
you guys have been tweeting me your
shipping confirmations for Peachy merch
so if you ordered peachie mercer they're
no longer for sale right now but if you
ordered you're gonna get it soon make
sure to hashtag peach you merch on
Instagram I'm gonna be peep in the Fein
and I'm gonna post you on Instagram but
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with me let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below
new videos every single week hang out
with me okay Sam peachy okay bye
[Music]